Readme.md, before:

# EDK II LIBC Project

The edk2-libc repository is part of the EDK II Project that is a modern,
feature-rich, cross-platform firmware development environment for the UEFI and
PI specifications from https://uefi.org.

The edk2-libc repository contains a port of libc to a UEFI environment along
with UEFI applications that depend on this port of libc.  This repositories
contents were exported from the edk2 repository using the script below that is
described at http://jimmy.schementi.com/splitting-up-a-git-repo

```
export PATHS_TO_KEEP="./AppPkg ./StdLib ./StdLibPrivateInternalFiles ./Maintainers.txt ./License* ./Read*"
git clone https://github.com/tianocore/edk2.git edk2-filter
cd edk2-filter
git checkout master
git remote rm origin
git filter-branch -f --index-filter "git rm --ignore-unmatch --cached -qr -- . && git reset -q \$GIT_COMMIT -- $PATHS_TO_KEEP" --prune-empty -- "master"
```

The majority of the content in the EDK II open source project uses a
[BSD-2-Clause Plus Patent License](License.txt).  The EDK II open source project
contains the following components that are covered by additional licenses:

* [AppPkg/Applications/Python/Python-3.6.8](AppPkg/Applications/Python/Python-3.6.8/LICENSE)

The EDK II LIBC Project is composed of packages.  The maintainers for each
package are listed in [Maintainers.txt](Maintainers.txt).

# Resources
* [TianoCore](http://www.tianocore.org)
* [EDK II](https://github.com/tianocore/tianocore.github.io/wiki/EDK-II)
* [Getting Started with EDK II](https://github.com/tianocore/tianocore.github.io/wiki/Getting-Started-with-EDK-II)
* [Mailing Lists](https://github.com/tianocore/tianocore.github.io/wiki/Mailing-Lists)
* [TianoCore Bugzilla](https://bugzilla.tianocore.org)
* [How To Contribute](https://github.com/tianocore/tianocore.github.io/wiki/How-To-Contribute)
* [Release Planning](https://github.com/tianocore/tianocore.github.io/wiki/EDK-II-Release-Planning)
* [UDK2017](https://github.com/tianocore/edk2/releases/tag/vUDK2017)
* [UDK2018](https://github.com/tianocore/edk2/releases/tag/vUDK2018)
* [edk2-stable201811](https://github.com/tianocore/edk2/releases/tag/edk2-stable201811)

# Code Contributions
To make a contribution to a TianoCore project, follow these steps.
1. Create a change description in the format specified below to
   use in the source control commit log.
2. Your commit message must include your `Signed-off-by` signature
3. Submit your code to the TianoCore project using the process
   that the project documents on its web page.  If the process is
   not documented, then submit the code on development email list
   for the project.
4. It is preferred that contributions are submitted using the same
   copyright license as the base project. When that is not possible,
   then contributions using the following licenses can be accepted:
   * BSD (2-clause): http://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-2-Clause
   * BSD (3-clause): http://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause
   * MIT: http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT
   * Python-2.0: http://opensource.org/licenses/Python-2.0
   * Zlib: http://opensource.org/licenses/Zlib

   For documentation:
   * FreeBSD Documentation License
     https://www.freebsd.org/copyright/freebsd-doc-license.html

   Contributions of code put into the public domain can also be
   accepted.

   Contributions using other licenses might be accepted, but further
   review will be required.

# Developer Certificate of Origin

Your change description should use the standard format for a
commit message, and must include your `Signed-off-by` signature.

In order to keep track of who did what, all patches contributed must
include a statement that to the best of the contributor's knowledge
they have the right to contribute it under the specified license.

The test for this is as specified in the [Developer's Certificate of
Origin (DCO) 1.1](https://developercertificate.org/). The contributor
certifies compliance by adding a line saying

  Signed-off-by: Developer Name <developer@example.org>

where `Developer Name` is the contributor's real name, and the email
address is one the developer is reachable through at the time of
contributing.

```
Developer's Certificate of Origin 1.1

By making a contribution to this project, I certify that:

(a) The contribution was created in whole or in part by me and I
    have the right to submit it under the open source license
    indicated in the file; or

(b) The contribution is based upon previous work that, to the best
    of my knowledge, is covered under an appropriate open source
    license and I have the right under that license to submit that
    work with modifications, whether created in whole or in part
    by me, under the same open source license (unless I am
    permitted to submit under a different license), as indicated
    in the file; or

(c) The contribution was provided directly to me by some other
    person who certified (a), (b) or (c) and I have not modified
    it.

(d) I understand and agree that this project and the contribution
    are public and that a record of the contribution (including all
    personal information I submit with it, including my sign-off) is
    maintained indefinitely and may be redistributed consistent with
    this project or the open source license(s) involved.
```

# Sample Change Description / Commit Message

```
From: Contributor Name <contributor@example.com>
Subject: [Repository/Branch PATCH] Pkg-Module: Brief-single-line-summary

Full-commit-message

Signed-off-by: Contributor Name <contributor@example.com>
```

## Notes for sample patch email

* The first line of commit message is taken from the email's subject
  line following `[Repository/Branch PATCH]`. The remaining portion of the
  commit message is the email's content.
* `git format-patch` is one way to create this format

## Definitions for sample patch email

* `Repository` is the identifier of the repository the patch applies.
  This identifier should only be provided for repositories other than
  `edk2`. For example `edk2-BuildSpecification` or `staging`.
* `Branch` is the identifier of the branch the patch applies. This
  identifier should only be provided for branches other than `edk2/master`.
  For example `edk2/UDK2015`, `edk2-BuildSpecification/release/1.27`, or
  `staging/edk2-test`.
* `Module` is a short identifier for the affected code or documentation. For
  example `MdePkg`, `MdeModulePkg/UsbBusDxe`, `Introduction`, or
  `EDK II INF File Format`.
* `Brief-single-line-summary` is a short summary of the change.
* The entire first line should be less than ~70 characters.
* `Full-commit-message` a verbose multiple line comment describing
  the change.  Each line should be less than ~70 characters.
* `Signed-off-by` is the contributor's signature identifying them
  by their real/legal name and their email address.

Commit message:

add efipy module to Python368.efi

Readme.md, after:

# Additions That Come With This Fork

This fork simply adds the Python 3 port of [EfiPy](http://efipy.blogspot.com/) to EDK2-Libc Python module.
The original project was developed by [Max Wu](https://www.linkedin.com/in/max-wu-a9068b90/) and most of the code base remain unchanged. Please, have a look at his website for more information about it. :)

## How To Compile

**Important: Use Visual Studio to compile the project!** EDK2-Libc doesn't currently offer the build environment to compile the ctypes module (which is needed by EfiPy) with GCC.

- Set up your EDK2 workspace as usual (more information [here](https://github.com/tianocore/tianocore.github.io/wiki/Windows-systems))
- Clone this repo and copy the folders in your EDK2 workspace
- Execute the following commands:

```
> cd AppPkg/Applications/Python/Python-3.6.8/
> py.exe srcprep.py
> build -a X64 -b RELEASE -p AppPkg/AppPkg.dsc -m AppPkg/Applications/Python/Python-3.6.8/Python368.inf
> create_python368_pkg.bat VS2019 RELEASE X64 Output_folder
```

This should generate a `EFI` folder that can be pasted on a USB key.

**Note**: You may also want to add Chipsec modifications to Python3 by following this [documentation](https://chipsec.github.io/installation/USB%20with%20UEFI%20Shell.html#optional-extending-chipsec-uefi-python-3-6-8-functionality).


# EDK II LIBC Project

The edk2-libc repository is part of the EDK II Project that is a modern,
feature-rich, cross-platform firmware development environment for the UEFI and
PI specifications from https://uefi.org.

The edk2-libc repository contains a port of libc to a UEFI environment along
with UEFI applications that depend on this port of libc.  This repositories
contents were exported from the edk2 repository using the script below that is
described at http://jimmy.schementi.com/splitting-up-a-git-repo

```
export PATHS_TO_KEEP="./AppPkg ./StdLib ./StdLibPrivateInternalFiles ./Maintainers.txt ./License* ./Read*"
git clone https://github.com/tianocore/edk2.git edk2-filter
cd edk2-filter
git checkout master
git remote rm origin
git filter-branch -f --index-filter "git rm --ignore-unmatch --cached -qr -- . && git reset -q \$GIT_COMMIT -- $PATHS_TO_KEEP" --prune-empty -- "master"
```

The majority of the content in the EDK II open source project uses a
[BSD-2-Clause Plus Patent License](License.txt).  The EDK II open source project
contains the following components that are covered by additional licenses:

* [AppPkg/Applications/Python/Python-3.6.8](AppPkg/Applications/Python/Python-3.6.8/LICENSE)

The EDK II LIBC Project is composed of packages.  The maintainers for each
package are listed in [Maintainers.txt](Maintainers.txt).

# Resources
* [TianoCore](http://www.tianocore.org)
* [EDK II](https://github.com/tianocore/tianocore.github.io/wiki/EDK-II)
* [Getting Started with EDK II](https://github.com/tianocore/tianocore.github.io/wiki/Getting-Started-with-EDK-II)
* [Mailing Lists](https://github.com/tianocore/tianocore.github.io/wiki/Mailing-Lists)
* [TianoCore Bugzilla](https://bugzilla.tianocore.org)
* [How To Contribute](https://github.com/tianocore/tianocore.github.io/wiki/How-To-Contribute)
* [Release Planning](https://github.com/tianocore/tianocore.github.io/wiki/EDK-II-Release-Planning)
* [UDK2017](https://github.com/tianocore/edk2/releases/tag/vUDK2017)
* [UDK2018](https://github.com/tianocore/edk2/releases/tag/vUDK2018)
* [edk2-stable201811](https://github.com/tianocore/edk2/releases/tag/edk2-stable201811)

# Code Contributions
To make a contribution to a TianoCore project, follow these steps.
1. Create a change description in the format specified below to
   use in the source control commit log.
2. Your commit message must include your `Signed-off-by` signature
3. Submit your code to the TianoCore project using the process
   that the project documents on its web page.  If the process is
   not documented, then submit the code on development email list
   for the project.
4. It is preferred that contributions are submitted using the same
   copyright license as the base project. When that is not possible,
   then contributions using the following licenses can be accepted:
   * BSD (2-clause): http://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-2-Clause
   * BSD (3-clause): http://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause
   * MIT: http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT
   * Python-2.0: http://opensource.org/licenses/Python-2.0
   * Zlib: http://opensource.org/licenses/Zlib

   For documentation:
   * FreeBSD Documentation License
     https://www.freebsd.org/copyright/freebsd-doc-license.html

   Contributions of code put into the public domain can also be
   accepted.

   Contributions using other licenses might be accepted, but further
   review will be required.

# Developer Certificate of Origin

Your change description should use the standard format for a
commit message, and must include your `Signed-off-by` signature.

In order to keep track of who did what, all patches contributed must
include a statement that to the best of the contributor's knowledge
they have the right to contribute it under the specified license.

The test for this is as specified in the [Developer's Certificate of
Origin (DCO) 1.1](https://developercertificate.org/). The contributor
certifies compliance by adding a line saying

  Signed-off-by: Developer Name <developer@example.org>

where `Developer Name` is the contributor's real name, and the email
address is one the developer is reachable through at the time of
contributing.

```
Developer's Certificate of Origin 1.1

By making a contribution to this project, I certify that:

(a) The contribution was created in whole or in part by me and I
    have the right to submit it under the open source license
    indicated in the file; or

(b) The contribution is based upon previous work that, to the best
    of my knowledge, is covered under an appropriate open source
    license and I have the right under that license to submit that
    work with modifications, whether created in whole or in part
    by me, under the same open source license (unless I am
    permitted to submit under a different license), as indicated
    in the file; or

(c) The contribution was provided directly to me by some other
    person who certified (a), (b) or (c) and I have not modified
    it.

(d) I understand and agree that this project and the contribution
    are public and that a record of the contribution (including all
    personal information I submit with it, including my sign-off) is
    maintained indefinitely and may be redistributed consistent with
    this project or the open source license(s) involved.
```

# Sample Change Description / Commit Message

```
From: Contributor Name <contributor@example.com>
Subject: [Repository/Branch PATCH] Pkg-Module: Brief-single-line-summary

Full-commit-message

Signed-off-by: Contributor Name <contributor@example.com>
```

## Notes for sample patch email

* The first line of commit message is taken from the email's subject
  line following `[Repository/Branch PATCH]`. The remaining portion of the
  commit message is the email's content.
* `git format-patch` is one way to create this format

## Definitions for sample patch email

* `Repository` is the identifier of the repository the patch applies.
  This identifier should only be provided for repositories other than
  `edk2`. For example `edk2-BuildSpecification` or `staging`.
* `Branch` is the identifier of the branch the patch applies. This
  identifier should only be provided for branches other than `edk2/master`.
  For example `edk2/UDK2015`, `edk2-BuildSpecification/release/1.27`, or
  `staging/edk2-test`.
* `Module` is a short identifier for the affected code or documentation. For
  example `MdePkg`, `MdeModulePkg/UsbBusDxe`, `Introduction`, or
  `EDK II INF File Format`.
* `Brief-single-line-summary` is a short summary of the change.
* The entire first line should be less than ~70 characters.
* `Full-commit-message` a verbose multiple line comment describing
  the change.  Each line should be less than ~70 characters.
* `Signed-off-by` is the contributor's signature identifying them
  by their real/legal name and their email address.
